What did he eat due to food poisoning?
Just this cake
Got drugged for eating cake
And it's a very powerful poison
Fortunately, I didn't eat a few bites
Otherwise he will die
I have to take him to the hospital quickly
It's too late
Ah!
I've been getting in the way of you being Xue Zhilong's ex-wife
Give you face
I didn't expect your Lin family to keep saying rude things to me
I'm still very restrained
And now what?
Poisoned my son
No, I didn't do anything.
This cake has always been here
Someone must have framed me
Mom, listen to me
Yes, I saw Mundise with my own eyes
They came straight off the shelf.
He never had a chance to poison
Hurry up and send him to jail
If anything happens to the ingot
You can't have a good time.
Wait, Xue Zhilong, what do you mean?
I don't think it's him.
Xue Zhilong, do you have a heart?
Wonbang is your biological son
You're still defending him?
I saw him take the cake off the shelf with my own eyes
It can't be him.
How do you know this cake is not him?
Poison before entering the market? Impossible